- Updated [The Good Teacher]([[The Good Teacher]])
	- Updated [Chapter 422 - Fear, Uncertainty, Doubt]([[The Good Teacher/Volume 6/Chapter 422 - Fear, Uncertainty, Doubt]])
	- Updated [Chapter 410 - Regrouping]([[The Good Teacher/Volume 6/Chapter 410 - Regrouping]])
- Fixed bug with fault state log
  id:: 65d392af-c1a3-4163-bda9-b9151bcfbee9
  collapsed:: true
	- The fault was being recorded as activated since the trigger did not check to see if there were any active faults to begin with. The issue was identified in [fault_manager.py]([[]]).
	- This was fixed by checking if there were any faults to activate before appending the active flag to `.csv`. Observe lines 8-12 below:
	- ```python
	  def _activate_faults(self):
	        """
	          Activates faults based on the current configuration.
	          """
	      self.faults_active = True
	      self.out_string += f"{int(self.get_clock().now().nanoseconds / 1000)},"
	      
	      # Fault must be registered as active iff it has at least one active fault
	      if len(list(self.faulty_sensors.keys())) == 0:
	          self.out_string += "0,"
	      else:
	          self.out_string += "1,"
	  
	      for key in list(self.faulty_sensors.keys()):
	          sensor = self.faulty_sensors[key]
	          for fault_type in list(sensor.keys()):
	              if fault_type == 'activator':
	                  self.param_int_pub.publish(String(data = f"{sensor[fault_type]}/{1}"))
	              else:
	                  random_value = random.random() * (sensor[fault_type]['vals'][1] - sensor[fault_type]['vals'][0]) + sensor[fault_type]['vals'][0]
	                  self.param_float_pub.publish(String(data = f"{sensor[fault_type]['label']}/{random_value}"))
	                  self.out_string += f"{random_value},"
	      self.out_string = self.out_string[:-1] + "\n"
	  ```
- ___
- # Datahub and MLOps #MEETING
  collapsed:: true
	- ## Attendees
	  collapsed:: true
		- SRTA-AD
		- Solita
			- Moamen Ibrahim
			- Rodolfo Pedraza
			- Jarmo Hakala
	- ## Goals
	  collapsed:: true
		- Datahub
		- MLOps
	- ## Agenda
	  collapsed:: true
		- What is Datahub
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Datahub building blocks
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Datahub overall architecture
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Query data
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- Datahub metadata and use cases
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- NATSAPI usage
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- SRTA and MLOps
		  logseq.order-list-type:: number
	- ## Minutes
	  collapsed:: true
		- *Moamen Ibrahim*
			- Datahub aggregates metadata from missions and devices. Provides centralised system for data.
			- Can see data flows.
			- Collects and shares data in variety of formats.
			- Track data collected by devices and build relationship between those entities.
			- Datahub:
				- Gateway aggregator: Listens to mission and telemetry data and publish them for storing mission info
				- NATS-API: Like FAST-API but for NATS based applications
				- Datahub UI: User-friendly access to data
				- Database: Stores in PostGRESQL
			- Datahub offline only has access to metadata
			- Datahub cannot truly be real-time
			- Data Ingestion: ROSBag decryption pipeline
			- Data Recorder: Define which topics are to be recorded and what size/parameter. It will record and dump ROSBags according to that provision.
			- *Every drone in swarm is sending data to cloud. Not using the current swarm architecture of micro-, meso-, macro-level.*
			- **Data format for being processed and used by ML Models??**
			- [DataHub Use Cases](https://ssrc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/ML/pages/963903933/DataHub+Use+Cases)
			- Method of querying the data more efficiently. Crash by crash, etc...
		- *Jarmo Hakala & Rodolfo Pedraza*
			- [Model Development](https://github.com/tiiuae/platform-ml-rta-sample-model)
			- MLFlow model registry #RESEARCH
			- Data preprocessing from NATS and ROS interface
	- ## Action Items
- # Tasks
	- DOING Collect more data for Samridha
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-02-19 Mon 19:39:08]
	  :END:
		- DONE [Fix bug]([[65d392af-c1a3-4163-bda9-b9151bcfbee9]]) with the fault-state being active even when no faults are present
		- TODO Produce some data that causes crashing of drone
	- DONE Check how the data is being received and recorded so that it can be used by ML models. The format, processing, etc.
	- TODO Check if it is possible to automate ROS node generation. #RESEARCH
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-02-19 Mon 19:55:38]--[2024-02-19 Mon 19:55:39] =>  00:00:01
	  :END: