# Thoughts
	- ## Explaining Rust, C++ and Go
		- ### Concurrency (C++ and Go)
			- Consider a fantasy kitchen where multiple chefs are to work in tandem. You have two chefs, one who has years of experience working as a line cook, and another who only does personal cooking. Piles of orders are coming in, and you need to get the food out post-haste.
			- The line cook can handle multiple orders at once. But the personal chef has to probably sit down and work through them in strides. He needs to plan out how to approach the problem.
			- This is the difference between C++ and Go. The line cook is Go, who comes with features of concurrency out of the box. But in C++, there are a lot of boiler plate stuff you need to keep in mind.
		- ### Borrow Checker (C++ and Rust)
			- In a kitchen, the equipment is owned by the owner of the kitchen.
			- Let's say that a chef is using the spatula in the kitchen. They say that the chef owns this spatula. In case someone has to use this spatula, they can call on chef. Alternatively, they can also take the spatula from the chef, in which case they become the owners of the spatula. Now, if the owner of the kitchen were to come in and ask the first chef to return the spatula, they cannot as they don't own it anymore. This is the null-pointer exception.
			- Alternatively, let's apply a stricter rule, then. What if the owner of the spatula must be responsible for where the spatula is at all times. So if someone was to use it, they let them borrow the spatula, which will return to the owner once the spatula's use is over. This way, if the kitchen owner comes one day asks for the spatula, the chef will know where it will be.
- # Tasks
	- DOING Flash custom firmware into Saluki V2
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-02-18 Sun 19:14:10]
	  CLOCK: [2024-02-18 Sun 19:14:11]
	  :END:
		- DOING Flash faulty-firmware and set up HiTL
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2024-02-18 Sun 19:17:53]
		  :END:
		- TODO Test
	- TODO Discuss how to implement the fault injection functionality in dronsole
	- TODO Meeting with Siva
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-02-18 Sun 19:18:31]--[2024-02-18 Sun 19:18:48] =>  00:00:17
	  :END:
		- TODO Hold meeting
	- DOING PPT slides CalTech syncup
	  DEADLINE: <2024-02-22 Thu>
	  :LOGBOOK:
	  CLOCK: [2024-02-18 Sun 19:22:21]
	  :END:
		- DONE Get few PPT slides ready
		- DOING Trim PPT
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2024-02-18 Sun 19:22:12]
		  :END:
		- TODO Prepare script
	- TODO Share Objectives (meet | exceed | percentage)
	  DEADLINE: <2024-02-23 Fri>