# To-Do
*Rolled over*

# Journal
- Read articles:
	- [Generative AI for Unmanned Vehicle Swarms: Challenges, Applications and Opportunities](liu2024.md)
	- [Decentralised Robot Swarm Clustering: Adding Resilience to Malicious Masquerade Attacks](gandhe2022.md)
- Filled in:
	- [[Nash Equilibrium]]
	- [[Federated Learning]]

# Meetings
## Interview: Carlos Llamas Martinez
### Attendees
- Carlos Llamas Martinez
- Martin Andreoni
- Willian Lunardi
- Junior Sundar
### Goals
- Interview
### Agenda
- [x] Listen to Candidate
- [x] Ask questions
### Minutes
- What type of assistive robots?
	- Interact with people in kitchen
- Have you worked with ROS 2?
	- Do you know how ROS 1 differs from ROS 2?
- Extent of Gazebo simulation experience:
	- Writing modules or plugins?
	- SITL/HITL
- Ever worked with drones?
- Scenario: Need to train models to respond to anomalies in sensor data.
	- What kind of data would you need to train these models?
- From a roboticist's perspective,
	- what all can you do to obtain this data?
	- Is it feasible?
- Do you keep up to date with new developments in the field? How do you do it?
	- Do you ever try to implement the developments to test things out?

*Carlos*
- Robots for retail stores
- Mobile robots
- RA position was an engineer (primarily coding)
	- ROS components integrating into robot
	- Detecting face, facial landmarks. Introducing this into neural networks.
	- Python mainly. One in C++ node.
	- Also training and deployment
	- PyTorch with YOLO for face recognition facial landmarks.
	- Multi input NN for different parts of the face.
- Current position is leading an AI team for the company
### Action Items
   *Pros*
   - Has a decent spread of experience in robotics (ranging from the hardware to software)
	   - Has written a sensor driver for battery monitoring which then exposes this information to other nodes in the ROS network.
   - Is keeping up to date in the engineering side on robotics. Will be able to grasp and adapt to the technicalities and engineering standards quickly.
   - Effective communicator. Able to convey intent clearly.
   - Shows capacity to take lead in a feature.
	   - Taking lead in the implementation of AI features in existing work product.
*Cons*
   - No experience working with drones.
   - Rudimentary experience (primarily in theory or simulation) with ROS 2 and simulation paltforms.
   - Not certain if he has the "research" mindset since professional posts indicate work primarily on the engineering side.