- {{renderer :wordcount-page_, 534}}
- Wei Zao's anxiety mounted with each passing second the day he left the Capital. In his past life, he'd come accross many a doomsday preppers and forseer, but he knew at the end of the day that it was all just the result of mass-paranoia. Idle or troubled minds tend to formulate such fantasies. But in the end that was all they were, wild fantasies.
- But Wei Zao knew better now. He knew that the world was about to end. It could happen today, it could happen tomorrow. And there was nothing he could do to stop it. He could try, but he would fail.
- There is something beautiful about hitting rock bottom, especially in how it disperses all the clouds hanging inside an ignorant mind. Wei Zao realised that he'd been on a guaranteed path to rock bottom from the moment the darned Library spawned in his mind. With its presence, he was essentially pushed into an echo chamber that affirmed his base habits and fellated the primal part of his character that yearned to dominate and gain the recognition of those around him. With each passing conflict that the Library helped him out of, he grew more and more dependent on it, and in the process succumbed harder to his base instincts and desires. He thought he could live a different life with this new opportunity, and he did. But was it a better life, he begged to differ. The recognition he gained wasn't his, nor were his successes.
  Even looking towards Gaige made him retch internally. He had fooled the lad thoroughly, into thinking that he was a reliable educator - someone who could guide him down a path of betterment. It was all a lie.
- And in the end, when he came face to face with reality - and understood the purpose to his transmigration, his first thought wasn't rooted in confidence, but steeped in fear, uncertainty, and doubt. Wei Zao understood just what he was - a fraud. He could deny it no more.
- And the feeling of living as a fraud was gut-wrenching. He cycled through every negative emotion in the spectrum periodically, every day. He wished that these thoughts would cease, and he could live a normal life. The burden of responsibility was far to heavy for a man with his weak mental constitution to bear. Wei Zao wasn't a leader, nor was he a visionary. He was someone who reveled in the security that those in power cast upon him, and took advantage of that privilege to complain when things didn't go his way. In his past life, the security came from the powers that be, and in this life, it came from the Library.
- But the security offered by the Library was all an illusion. And with that illusion diffused, Wei Zao was frantically searching for the next shade he could find security within. Luckily, he found one cast by Guy Larks. The sunlight that bore down on him as he traversed like a madman burned him continuously. He needed to find the shade fast!
- The moment he arrived at Twilight Village, his anxiety reached its peak. It was do or die, and if he