- "He's not really flying, is he?" Wei Zao asked Guy with a tinge of hesitation in his voice.
- "He's not," Guy assuaged, but Wei Zao wasn't satisfied with the response. "So he's... levitating?"
- "You've got that right," Guy answered while revealing a proud smirk. "He's grown a lot since the last fight. I'm sure he's going to suprise you."
- "To be fair, he surprised me back then too," Wei Zao admitted with a bitter smile. "You see, my... power doesn't register anything that isn't something that has already been discovered or documented. The cutoff point seems to be the time of my migration."
- Guy's brows cocked up in surprise, "Meaning anything new that was innovated after your arrival is a blind spot for you? Have there been others?"
- "Well, almost everything in here is kind of drawing a blank," Wei Zao declared. "There WERE a few food items here and there while I was in the Capital that came blank. By the way, does yours really only provide you with books from your past life?"
- "And some minor upgrades over the years," Guy added. "But yes, that's the crux of it."
- Guy noticed Wei Zao giving him an awkward look. "Is there something wrong?"
- "I don't think I'd have been able to achieve all this if I had your power. I mean, the one I got IS definitely better. But I've barely managed to remove my training wheels!"
- Guy shrugged and said, "Who's to say that you wouldn't eventually grow out of it and explore beyond the confines your powers drew for you? The fact is that I was kind of thrown into the deep end, for better or for worse. I was forced to learn to swim."
- "And you survived! I wouldn't-"
- "Stop selling yourself short," Guy immediately interjected while placing a comforting palm on the man's shoulder. "Now let us cease this discussion and observe the fight."
- Wei Zao swallowed his words and subscribed to the spar on stage.
- While the two men were talking, the two combatants had only exchanged a meagre few spells. As established, combat between mages in the same realm was often an intricate dance. Victory depended on two fronts, the metaphysical and physical. The former evaluated the combatant's proficiency in wresting control when mana domains overlap, and the latter involves actual confrontation and exchanging attacks physically.
- Gaige's cultivation method and combat strategy involved overpowering the opponent with the sheer pressure of darkness. The void-infused mana is corrosive in a special way, over exposure results in disintegration. In an elongated confrontation, Gaige was certain to win, as long as he was economical with his mana usage, as his opponents would exhaust their mana at an accelerated rate as long as it remained in contact with his own. But Gaige quickly realised that he could not rely on this strategy because the horizon upon which his mana domain coincided with Markus' the two were getting canceled out. In essence, he was expending his mana just as quickly as Markus was. So if this continued, the best he could eke out would be a draw.
  Gaige sidestepped a small |Fireball| and rushed forward. Though as he was almost ten metres away from Markus, he paused and dodged once again as an explosion rocked the position he was in a split-second earlier. In fact, Gaige still remembered the circumstances of his near-defeat during his previous confrontation with Markus - it was due to the boy's uncanny ability to spam spells. He was also aware of the impeccable preparation the boy had gone through to cover his weakness.
  Markus was a tough opponent - one of the toughest Gaige had every confronted in his lifetime. The boy knew his shortcomings down to a 'T'. And that made him dangerous, because the most obvious routes of victory were laden with traps of all sorts. But from a counter-perspective, it also made him less vigilant towards attacks from that avenue. Because when you know that the weakest part of a structure is reinforced, you subconsciously divert your attention to the parts that are strongest.
- Saying it out loud didn't make much sense, but Gaige growled while grinding his teeth and rushed forward. A coat of darkness enveloped him as he barrelled through a near-imperceptible mist that was most certainly made of acidic residue. The corrosive mist itself got corroded as it collided against his void-infused mana. A barrage of narrow and targetted attacks collided against him, most of which dissipated as it got swallowed by the darkness. But Gaige could feel his coat dissipating rapidly as it had to field an increasingly rapid onslaught.
  Luckily, he made it to a distance that was within his zone of attack before he lost his protective coating. And with a decisive slash, he brought his sword (which was crackling with a black sheen) down on Markus. To his mild surprise, Markus dodged - barely missing the slash as it breezed past his shoulder. But Gaige had anticipated this - it would have been too easy a victory otherwise. He followed the next set of movements of his Sword Art.
- 'Unending Strike!' The sword danced like a snake as it carved towards Markus.
- 'Suppressing Force!' It wove with grace yet unwavering resolve.
- 'Into the Void!' The two attacks, though dodged, cornered Markus into a position where this final strike would deal a decisive blow. Darkness started to gather around Gaige, causing the pressure to build up rapidly. The sword turned two-dimensional as light itself got deleted as it collided against its metal.
- Gaige slashed the sword for the final time. It wouldn't kill Markus, but it would definitely injure him significantly. Hopefully, his opponent would recognise this and call for a concession.
- But right as the sword reached mere centimetres away from Markus, the boy did something crazy. He let the blade strike his arm.
- Gaige fully-expected the boy's limb to fall off clean, but something stopped the weapon from following through. There was nothing but skin and cloth, but that was enough, somehow!
- But Gaige did not have another second to evaluate this, as Markus started to duck and weave towards him. With two agile movements, Markus had made it to less than an arm's length of Gaige, which was far too close to be within his zone of attack. To compensate, Gaige tried to strafe back strategically, but his opponent grabbed him by his collars and twisted it into an over-the-shoulder-throw.
  Gaige prepared to catch the landing so that he could transition into a subsequent chain of attacks, but seconds passed and his feet never touched the ground. In fact, Gaige could no longer feel his weight. In anticipation of a recovery, he'd unlatched himself from Markus. Gaige barely managed to reorient himself before an attack rocked his skull - it was a roundhouse kick. The attack caused him to hurtle away like a spinning top, disorienting him even further. Though as soon as he went beyond a certain distance, he suddenly felt his weight again and immediately dropped to the ground like a rock, and rolled away like a wooden log.
- He immediately leapt to his feet and looked towards Markus with bloodshot eyes. 'How humiliating!'
- "What did you just do?!" He bellowed angrily.
- "As if I'd explain my attack to you in the middle of combat!" Markus scoffed in return. "If you want to know what it was, I welcome you to try again," he then taunted while waving his hand with a welcoming gesture.
- Gaige growled loudly before rushing forward with the momentum of a rampaging bull. With each step he took forward, void-infused mana started to gush out torrentially, encasing not just him, but the mana domain in his immediate vicinity that was fully under his control.
- But right as Gaige reached five metres away from Markus, his opponent leapt from the ground and took to the skies. Gaige, however, did not relent in his rampage as he transferred an inordinate amount of force into his feet (nearly causing the ground to crack underneath him) and launched himself into the air.
- At this point, the two combatant's mana domains overlapped once again. And Gaige could again feel his corrosive mana being dismantled at the overlapping region. Gaige knew that competing over mana domain supremacy was a war of attrition that wasn't in his favour, so he rapidly shed the envelop like a lizard detaching its tail and hurtled decisively towards Markus with his sword extended forward like an arrow.
- Gaige was now certain that his opponent was merely floating, not flying. This meant that he could not change momentum while midair without something rigid to act as a spring board. By all intents and purposes, Markus was a sitting (floating) duck. The attack should have made contact.
- However, Gaige suddenly found himself decelerating rapidly before he felt his weight double, triple, quadruple... within split seconds he reached a complete stand still before immediately hurtling towards the ground like a rock thrown from a mountain side. He landed unceremoniously on his belly. He tried to recover, to no avail as the world itself refused to let him budge.
  With great difficulty he managed to raise his head and saw that Markus was also struggling. His opponent revealed a bloody grin, and trudged forward. It was evident that he too was suffering greatly under the influence of whatever spell he was casting. Step-by-step, he approached the prone Gaige, who in turn tried his hardest to compete in the overlapping domain. Yet to his surprise and chagrin, any action he took to fight against Markus' invading mana caused the force acting on him to grow stronger - basically, it was as though he was adding fuel to a fire. In fact, he broke a bunch of his bones in his first attempt to counter the mana domain attack.
- Gaige propped his arms to the ground and tried to push himself up. Right as he managed to get on his knees, something heavy struck him at the back of his head that completely undid all his progress. He looked up and saw Markus gazing back with bloodshot eyes and blood dripping out the side of his lips. And held above his head was his Grimoire that usually hung around his waist with a chain.
- "Do you surrender!" Markus barked. Evidently, it wasn't a question, because he did not even wait for Gaige's response as the book descended again, and again, and again.
- With each hit, Markus taunted him by probing, "Do you surrender!"
- Gaige tried and tried again to get up, but his struggles were immediately rendered useless by another head strike. After the twentieth (he lost count), Gaige vomited a mouthful of blood as his broken bones ruptured a few of his internal organs.
- He looked up one last time as Markus too ejected a mouthful of blood. The boy taunted, "Do you surrender, now?"
- "I-" The book slammed his head, and the world turned dark as Gaige lost consciousness.